Task:

Watching Peanut and Bradley having fun with their card game, the envious Kraw the Evil Krow and Squeaky the Rat decided to play a game of
marbles instead. Kraw has kindly brought a box of marbles and they started getting ready to play.At least that’s what it seems to be on the
surface. The ’marbles’ that Kraw the Evil Krow has brought are actually M.A.R.B.L.E.s - ’Marble Armament Releases Big Loud Explosion’.
These M.A.R.B.L.E.s,once triggered, are guranteed to ruin anyone’s day. Only Kraw the Evil Krow knows how to trigger the M.A.R.B.L.E.s to
explode.Wanting to blow Peanut and Bradley’s card game up so that they can’t play anymore, Kraw the Evil Krow, with the assistance of Squeaky,
has arranged his collection of N M.A.R.B.L.E.s in a neat row. An observant person would also notice that on the ith M.A.R.B.L.E., an integer Ai is etched onto it. With an evil grin on his face, Kraw, with a few presses of buttons on his multifunctional digital watch, proceeded to
trigger the M.A.R.B.L.E.s to explode. A few moments later, Kraw has arrived at the final step. Kraw’s multifunctional digital watch prompts
him for an administrator password to make the M.A.R.B.L.E.s to explode. However, Kraw the Krow has forgotten the password! He only remembers
that the password is a certain integer K, where K is thesmallest number such that after the sequence of M.A.R.B.L.E.s Kraw has arranged is
partitioned into M continuous segments, the sum of the integers etched on each M.A.R.B.L.E. for each segment is not morethan K. Oh no, now his
plan is foiled Kraw and Squeaky will be forced to watch Peanut and Bradley have fun with their card game for the rest of their life! “Not quite
yet!”, says Kraw the Krow with an evil smile on his face. Using his super-duper ultra powerful teleporter, he summoned ZJ the Code Monkey to
find the combination for him, while he works with Squeaky the Rat to find other ways to sabotage Peanut and Bradley’s card game. Annoyed, ZJ
wants youto find the password for him. Help ZJ find the password to trigger the M.A.R.B.L.E.s to explode, so that Kraw the Krow and Squeaky
the Rat can happily watch Peanut and Bradley’s card game being ruined.

Input:

The first line contains two space separated integers,N and M.
The following line contains N space separated integers, where theith integer isAi(1Ai1000000).It is also guranteed that the total sum of
Ai is at most 1000000000.

Output:

Output a single integer, the password to trigger the explosion.Examplesstdinstdout6 34 2 4 5 1 17NoteThe sequence of M.A.R.B.L.E.s can be 
partitioned into three segments this way:[4 2] [4] [5 1 1]The sum of each segment is not more than 7, which is the smallest possible integer.
